Update game-faq.md (#179)
BeamMP/Docs: docs/en/support/game-faq.md

## **Client**

---
#### **How do I install BeamMP?**
### **How do I install BeamMP?**

There is a full guide on how to install BeamMP on Windows, you can find it [here](https://docs.beammp.com/game/getting-started/).

---
#### **Does BeamMP work on a cracked version of BeamNG?**
### **Does BeamMP work on a cracked version of BeamNG?**

> BeamMP is not guaranted to work with cracked versions or outdated versions of BeamNG.drive.

Reviewer: Why this change, since its worded like it is for a reason. BeamMP is not actively stopping people from running a pirated version of BeamNG. The issue is that we do not want to provide help for that, we dont want the headache that comes with getting peoples pirated games to work first

Author: We should not make inconsistent statements across different documentation articles. That is why I changed this to match the other one.

Reviewer: Which other?

Author: https://docs.beammp.com/game/getting-started/

> BeamMP does not support cracked versions or outdated versions of BeamNG.drive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BeamMP does not support outdated versions of BeamNG.drive.
```

---
### **Does BeamMP work on linux?**

> The Client is not officially  supported on Linux. However, you might be able to get it working by running the launcher in the same proton prefix as the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Client is not officially supported on Linux. However, you can follow our [guide on how to use BeamMP on Linux](../game/getting-started/#2b-linux-installation)
```
